README.md, before:

# mr-target

## Project Overview

This project is a mixed reality target practice game designed to provide an immersive experience. The main interface is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and is accessible through the `index.html` file.

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mr-target.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```sh
    cd mr-target
    ```
3. Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser to view the application.

## Features

- User-friendly interface for managing tasks
- Real-time updates and notifications
- Customizable settings and preferences

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the project. Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
    ```sh
    git checkout -b feature-branch
    ```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
    ```sh
    git commit -m "Description of changes"
    ```
4. Push to the branch:
    ```sh
    git push origin feature-branch
    ```
5. Create a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.

## Contact

For any questions or feedback, please contact [your email address].

Commit message:

Add todo list for future enhancements and features in README.md

README.md, after:

# mr-target

## Project Overview

This project is a mixed reality target practice game designed to provide an immersive experience. The main interface is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and is accessible through the `index.html` file.

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mr-target.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```sh
    cd mr-target
    ```
3. Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser to view the application.

## Features

- User-friendly interface for managing tasks
- Real-time updates and notifications
- Customizable settings and preferences

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the project. Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
    ```sh
    git checkout -b feature-branch
    ```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
    ```sh
    git commit -m "Description of changes"
    ```
4. Push to the branch:
    ```sh
    git push origin feature-branch
    ```
5. Create a pull request.

## Todo 
- Fix spawning of enemies to be in the same boundry as the player
- Better AI Generated meshes and graphics for enemies
- Add sound effects
- Add physics
- Add power ups
- New Weapons
- New Enemies
- Leaderboard
- Add user health
- Implement boss battles with unique mechanics
- Enhance UI feedback and controls
- Add multiple difficulty levels (Easy, Medium, Hard)
- Integrate online high scores and ranking system
- Optimize enemy AI for varied behavior patterns

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.

## Contact

For any questions or feedback, please contact [your email address].
